Update Accessibility Details (#515)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/basics/integrations/deque.md

Below is a guide to set up the Sauce Labs integration. This integration allows you to run your accessibility tests, using axe™, on our platform.

:::info why should you care about accessibility testing?
Check out the [Deque Accessibility Guide](https://www.deque.com/web-accessibility-beginners-guide/#what-is-a11y) for further information.
:::

## Sauce Labs UI

Sauce Labs will display the accessibility results in our UI as a tab in the Job itself:

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/accessibility/example.png')} alt="Accessibility Example in Sauce UI"/>

## What You'll Need
* [A Sauce Labs Account](https://saucelabs.com/sign-up)
* [A Deque Account (Optional)](https://axe.deque.com/plans)

## Language Specific Examples

<Tabs
defaultValue="java"
values={[
{ label: 'Java', value: 'java', },
{ label: 'WebdriverIO', value: 'wdio', },
{ label: 'Python', value: 'python', },
{ label: 'Ruby', value: 'ruby', },
{ label: 'C#', value: 'dotnet', }
]
}>

<TabItem value="java">

We highly recommend using the Java [Sauce Bindings](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/).

> Check out the description and examples for the new [Acessibility functionality](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/docs/accessibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the description and examples for the new [Accessibility functionality](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/docs/accessibility).
```

The following is information on how to use the Java Deque Axe Selenium library directly:

__Requirements__

> Add this to your `pom.xml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this to your `pom.xml`:
```

```xml
<!-- https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.deque.html.axe-core/selenium -->
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.deque.html.axe-core</groupId>
  <artifactId>selenium</artifactId>
  <version>4.2.2</version>
</dependency>
```

__Usage__

> This method will populate results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method populates results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:
```

```java
new AxeBuilder().analyze(driver);
```

__Example Code__

```java reference
https://github.com/saucelabs-training/demo-java/blob/a99c36/selenium-examples/src/test/java/com/saucedemo/accessibility/DequeAxeExampleTest.java
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="wdio">
 
__Requirements__

* [Install and Set up](https://webdriver.io/docs/gettingstarted/) WebdriverIO

>   * This documentation also shows you how to run a test locally which will help troubleshoot potential issues with your code before running on Sauce Labs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This documentation shows you how to run a test locally, and also how to troubleshoot potential issues with your code before running on Sauce Labs
```

Author: What about
> This documentation shows you how to run a test locally, which allows you to troubleshoot potential issues with your code before running on Sauce Labs

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> <p><small><span class="highlight beta">BETA</span></small></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

}
```

* In the `wdio.conf.js` file, add a command for getting basic accessibility results

```js
browser.addCommand('getAxeResults', function (name) {
    return axeWdio.analyze()
})
```

__Usage__

> This method will populate results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method populates results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:
```

```js
browser.getAxeResults()
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

We highly recommend using the Python [Sauce Bindings](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/).

> Check out the description and examples for the new [Acessibility functionality](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/docs/accessibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the description and examples for the new [Accessibility functionality](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/docs/accessibility).
```

> The following is information on how to use the Python sa11y library directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is information on how to use the Python `sa11y` library directly:
```

__Requirements__

* Install Sa11y:
```shell
pip install sa11y
```

* Import Analyze class in your file:
```python
from sa11y.analyze import Analyze
```

__Usage__

> This method will populate results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method populates results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:
```

```python
Analyze(driver).results()
```

__Example Code__

```python reference
https://github.com/saucelabs-training/demo-python/blob/900b3a/examples/accessibility/test_sa11y.py
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="ruby">

We highly recommend using the Ruby [Sauce Bindings](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/). 

> Check out the description and examples for the new [Acessibility functionality](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/docs/accessibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the description and examples for the new [Accessibility functionality](https://opensource.saucelabs.com/sauce_bindings/docs/accessibility).
```

> The following is information on how to use the Ruby sa11y library directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is information on how to use the Ruby `sa11y` library directly:
```

__Requirements__

* Add sa11y to your `gemfile`:
```shell
gem 'sa11y', '~> 0.2.1'
```

* require Analyze class in your file:
```ruby
require 'sa11y/analyze'
```

__Usage__

> This method will populate results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method populates results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:
```

```ruby
Sa11y::Analyze.new(driver).results
```

__Example Code__

```ruby reference
https://github.com/saucelabs-training/demo-ruby/blob/c51b52/sauce-features/accessibility/spec/sa11y_spec.rb
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="dotnet">

To get Accessibility results with .NET, we recommend [Selenium.Axe for .NET](https://github.com/TroyWalshProf/SeleniumAxeDotnet/).
Make sure you are using version 3.x.

__Requirements__

To install via NuGet, in the Package Manager Console:
```shell
Install-Package Selenium.Axe
```

Import the namespace:

```
using Selenium.Axe;
```

__Usage__

> This method will populate results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method populates results on the Sauce Labs Accessibility tab:
```
